more documentation (#936)
allegro/turnilo: README.md

npm install -g turnilo
```

> Start off by running turnilo with example datasets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start off by running Turnilo with example datasets
```

and open [http://localhost:9090/](http://localhost:9090/).

```
turnilo run-examples
```

> Or connect to the existing Druid broker using `connect-druid` command.

Reviewer 2: Not the scope of this change but the sentence seems to be laid out better ;-)

```suggestion
Use `connect-druid` command to connect to the existing Druid broker.
```
